Adv 13
Some of the PCs wake to hear a comotion outside their inn. Their has been some kind of attack. Guards have surrounded the Nentir Inn. Guests at all of the inns are being required to sign in and explain their business in town and provide and alibi for the previous night around 1am.

Sergeant Nereth is personally reviewing all statements. No one is to leave town without prior approval.

Two travelers were murdered inside the tap room after everyone else had gone to bed. The bar maid came back to the room and found blood and gore everywhere. The center of the room had the tables thrown to the side and a large arcane symbol on the floor drawn in blood. (not drawn; it appears as if the flying gore settled in that pattern) 

People are scared of a "witch" hiding amongst them.

EN1
Velen sneaks up and confronts Ajax. She wants to know why he was stupid enough to ask the "elf" Elandil to find her.  "The idiot is blabbing to half the town".
If Blackmoon finds out that Moonsong is meddling in their affairs, all of their lives could be in danger.
She got his note and she is impressed. She didn't know he had the skills to make animals speak for him.
She wants to know if he is sure that it is Lacklor. (Pythanos' Son) 
She is suprised that Lacklor is involved, but it makes sense. Foolish, but it makes sense.
"What did you mean by the order eldars will join once the plague is cured?" 
"What plague?"
She then tells him he needs to continue with his mission: Broker a truce between Blackmoon and the Order.
If you think you can get the Order to play along, that's great. (it sounds like Uthar did his part) But convincing Blackmoon might be the more difficult task. A good start might be to secure the release of the prisoners that they are holding.
Keep me informed of any progress. My father is counting on you. All of Blackmoon is counting on you. Whether they know it or not...

EN2
Serim Selduzar - a well dressed tiefling wearing a dagger. 
He has a man at arms with him (wearing Red Armor). He approches someone in the party and says they look like an able group of men. He tells them he thinks he knows who is beind the attack at the Nentir Inn. Faren Markelhay.... LORD Faren Markelhay! Nevermind, you must be from out of town. Which is all the better. He may have a job for them in a day or two. They can find him by talking to the bartender of the Lucky Gnome (Salim). Code: They should ask him for a portering job on the WEST shore....

EN3
Moradin Strong-beard approaches the group. He is a dwarf dressed in red armor. He looks a little strange because his hair is cut short and he has a short beard. (Not very dwarf like)
He over heard them talking about being from Drummond's Point. He wants to know if they have any news from there and if they will be headed back their soon. He has a message that he would like to have delivered. 
20 gold for the carrier and 20 gold once they get there.

