10-28-16

Dragon Cult inspectors have just left town. May be coming back in force
	Will split into three pronged attack. Archers from the rear. Main force up the road. Boat with soldiers and Water Elemental from the ocean.
		Knights, cultists, mages, head mage, town guard soldiers, archers, elemental/boat
	
	Disciple Galegon will personally lead the attack.
	
	What to do with the resistance troops?
		Schmendrick with give resistance members to PCs to command. skirmishers to Rangrim, archers to Quiznot, scouts to Pat/Rob. He will command the non combatants.
		What about prisoners (Inkeepers wife - Mena)?
		
	Red Knight will ride in at the rear and command/attack.
	
	Treasure:
		Red Knight - Small brass key (guildhouse)
		
		Letter:
			Invoker Kane - Sorry for the delay in sending the Uthuun tribute villagers but the shipment containing the connecting portal was intercepted. 
		In the meantime I have honored our agreement with the Uthuun and their emissary has been well fed.
		By the time you read this I will have taken care of the problem and the portal will be back in our hands. I have included this small token found in 
		the Ralidor Inn as an appreciation of your patience and wisdom as a leader.
		
		Disciple Galegon

		PS. I...
		
Petter charges into the fight foolishly.


The Black Dungeon of the Void
	It moves over the battle and casts an eerie shadow.
	Grants spellcasters 4 extra dice of power for one spell.


Ralidor:
	The remaining troops flee to The Knife's Edge. Which has already started to sail away.

	Cult Guildhouse
		Door locked. Brass key will open.
		2 Mimi chests in the hallway.
		Treasure:
			Blue tear shaped magical gem. Must be identified.
			
	Area around the carnival is blackened from file.
	Fresh graves. Cart stacked with bodies covered in sheets.
	
	Town is fearful and soon become overjoyed.
		- They see the resistance lieutant (Cobbler - Mazen). He frees his wife from the stockade.
		- Herbalist seen (Cora)


Deep Tunnels:
	Map that shows Anthalon's Cross. Orcs have extra key.

	 Master Key? In the deep tunnels.
	
	Inn portal leads to Deep Tunnels conflux outside of Orc quarter of dungeon.


Sparrow's Point:
	Portal leads to winery warehouse. Behind a stack of barrels. Cultist guards wait and are suprised by anyone coming through the portal.

	Winery - Minstrel's Lodge (Master Laszlo)
	
	Rusty Keg Tavern (Dwarven Runes)

	Fighters guild
		Still looking for merchant's nephew (Weaver's basement. Found portal)  - Pendal Weaverson - 
		or a sign of his gold embroidered red leather vest. (PC's found this in a deep tunnels portal conflux)
		Don't like "free loaders".
	