Ideas:

Underground building? (winery, town, settlement, cages (werewolf)
	Lost eons ago in a violent catastrophy. Ghostly woman crying and rocking a bundle.
	Vision:
		the party encounters a ghostly woman sobbing and holding a bundle
	
		The ghostly woman suddenly stands up and looks behind her fearfully as the wispy grey scene fills in around her in a vision. A full village is now visible with the outlines of the corporeal 
		building a perfect match. People can be seen around her in the beginning of a panic. Running in all directions. Some carrying simple weapons, some carrying children or belongings. 
		In the distance you can see a single mountain peak rising from the center a giant lake. The mountain is shrouded by mist and backlit by the moon. 
		Just outside the edge of the village on top of an embankment, a hooded man carrying a tall staff appears. The woman darts closer to you only to see something over your 
		head that causes her to stop. More hooded men start to appear in the background; forming a ring around the village. The gray vision begins to tint red as light spreads from 
		the orb on top of each hooded man's staff. The woman begins to scream as waves of red power push into the town. The townfolk directly behind her start crouching, twisting and growing in size. 
		A wave of red power pushes in from the left behind the woman and obliterates the townsfolk behind her as if they never existed. Ghostly fires begin to envelope the town and the vision begins 
		to shake like an earthquake. Suddenly the woman drops her bundle and screams and flexes at the sky and appears to start growing larger. She morphs into a giant werewolf and charges forward 
		as a flash of red power begins to push in from the right enveloping the woman. 
		
		The vision ends.
		
	The ghost wearwolf attacks.

Dragon cult members seen in the distance (with a torch). Have a donkey cart with them.
	Cart: Some food (10 rations). Water barrel (20 days). Donkey oats. Dried mortar. Disassembled stone doorway and pillar.
	Treasure: 3 casks fine wine. (Minstrel's Lodge),  Heavy brass key(safe house), Bag of shiny ore(silver), crude deep tunnels map, ledger bound with 100gp (illusory script)
	Sealed letter: 
		Disciple Galegon,
		Your delay in completing the move is disturbing. I command you to execute the Deep Tunnels mission and return the key immedidately.
		Your success in moving the research documents to the Sparrow's Point safe house has only made this failure more vexing. The Master is very disappointed.
		Use this gate to return once the mission is complete or do not return at all.
		-Invoker Tane

Underground chasm/river
	They are in the middle of pulling the donkey/cart across the ravine?
	Underground waterfall
		Merrow CR2
		Merfolk CR1/8 (neutral)
		Steam Mephit CR1/4
	Stairs the lead down to the underground river close to the base of the waterfall. Behind the waterfall is an empty cave.
	Illusion back wall that hides a path to the underdark.


Fork in the path (3 way)
	Hidden arcane runes pointing towards Sparrow's Point tunnel.
	Donkey scat 100 yards away in that direction.


Random encounters:

	While resting:
		Herd of creatures flock down the hallway.
		Magma Mephit CR1/2
		Shadow CR1/2
		
	Buried tomb (pyramid) with army (terrocota)
		Mummy CR3
		Minotaur Skeleton CR2
		Animated Armor (statues) CR1
	
	Bottom of a surface well? Over old river bed. Partially washed out path
		Gray Ooze CR1/2
		Gelatinous Cube CR2
	
	Path to underdark partialy closed by cave-in. Trying to clear it out. 1 lookout.
		Troglodytes CR1/4
	
	Path enters large cavern. Roadway clearly marked by runes on each side.
	Encounter if they stray off of the path
		Magmin CR1/2
		
Lycanthropy:
	25gp worth of belladonna herbs cures. 1d6 dmg
	DC 15 medicine check
	
	
Dragon Cult Ranks:
	Novice
	Initiate
	Acolyte
	Disciple
	Invoker
	Master
	Prime