3/18/2016 Adventure


Emerged from Deep Tunnels and won battle with Dragon Cultists waiting in ambush. Closed the door just in time on a marching troop of Orcs.
	
	-Loot found on cultists:
		Map of deep tunnels. Location of Anthalon's Cross, exit Key and fork in deep tunnel. Something about finding a Master Key?
		Pack of rations. 2 Potions of darkvision.
		Gold?
		
	
	-Schmendrick in "farmers disguise". Dressed in overalls and has a wheat stick he is chewing on.
		"I'm in diguise. It has been an interesting two weeks"
		Petter is the boy that was captured by the cultists. Dove in to closet the door. He has the key and gives it back to Schmendrick.
		
		Schmendrick spent several days eluding the cultists where he lost all of the horses. The cult then began ruling the town with an iron fist. Schmendrick then started 
		a local resistance while waiting for the 2 weeks to pass to open the door. The resistance is located at the ________________ farmstead. They had almost organized a revolt
		when a dragon cult ship (Knife's Edge) showed up and anchored offshore. The influx of troops allowed them to clamp down even further.
		
		Petter is the town guard captain's son. His father was lynched by the cultists in the street after some theives stole some stuff from their guildhouse.
		
	
	-Farmstead 
		Farmstead has 
		They were attacked while Schmendrick was helping the PC's.
			-Wererats are back.
			-They hauled a corpse off with them.
			
		Their spies have returned and told them that the cult have taken several prisoners to their ship (Knife's Edge) bound and hooded. Petter's mom. Blacksmith. Innkeepers Wife.
		
		A merchant is currently here. He was headed to the town but got redirected by the resistance. He will be headed back soon. Has a small supply of magical items.
			1.
			2.
			3.
			
	
	-Wererat cave.
		Wererat(s) plus minions.
		Wererat will smell Mike if given the chance and decide to not attack him.
			
			Crate at the front of the cave.
				Items stolen from local farmers. 
					Fancy Rug. 
					Case of silverware.
					Folded tapestry.
					
					
				Five 10gp gems.
				Ream of waxed paper.
				Large roll of twine.
		
			Wooden chest has Sparrow's Point insignia on it.
				Chest with clothes carefully folded.
				100 gp in a bag.
				25gp worth of belladonna herbs cures carefully packaged. (1d6 dmg DC 15 medicine check).
				Portal Orb
		
		Stone doorway with a sheet over it.
		
			Human "slaughterhouse".
			Pillar on the floor with a circular indentation.
				One man has been gutted and skinned and is hung up to drain. 
				The flesh has been butchered and packaged up in paper and twine.
				Buckets of blood.
				Red stained barrels and stacks of human flesh next to the door.
		
			Portal
				Orb opens a portal to a dark, damp location.
				It looks like an exact copy of the conflux room you have seen before only quiet and dark. 		
				On the floor you see several shovels and spades for digging.
				In the center of the platform you see a red cloth vest embroidered with gold thread.
				Several empty barrels sit next to the door also a watering can stained red.
				Several large pots for a bush or small tree sit on the floor.
				
				One pedastal has an orb in it.
				
				One portal opens in the basement of the Inn.
				One portal opens in a trifecta of portals down the hall from the Orc conflux.
			
	
	-Stone doorway in cart might be opened.
		Leads to warehouse close to the cultist safehouse.
		Basement of Sparrow's Point guildhouse.
		Heavily guarded?	
		
	
	-Dragon Cultist Ship (Knife's Edge)
		Anchored several hundred yards offshore. Several longboats are tied to the shore and ferry men across.
		A guard tower has been quickly constructed between the city and the dock. (within longbow range of each location)
		A company of cultists guard the dock. Tents have been setup to house them.
		An elemental is also bound to the boats.