Plot recap:

Ralidor: Hamlet (pop 200)

Adventurers arrive at Rusty Maiden Inn.

Adventurers commissioned to kill rats in tavern basement by innkeeper (). The innkeeper tries to kill them instead and is defeated. In the process they see a portal with a man eating plant on the other side. The innkeeper's wife (Tilda) accuses them of murder and they flee thanks to the distraction of a hooded man.

The next day they are hunted down by a posse. The posse if led by a Dragon Cult lieutenant who tries to have them killed but some other adventurers commissioned by the hooded man (Schmendrick) help keep them alive and defeat the lieutenant.

One of the neutral posse members' farmstead comes under attack and the whole party goes to help. There they fine a wererat attacking the house and it flees. After the battle Schmendrick appears and warns them that one of the remaining posse members is a Dragon Cult agent. After interrogation the party learns that the Dragon Cult have books and scrolls stolen from across the world and will soon be leaving through the Deep Tunnels.

The party is then commissioned by Schmendrick to steal the Deep Tunnels key.

The party is joined by a couple of additional adventurers hired by Schmendrick. They decide to learn more about this portal and sneak into the tavern basement. Nothing of note is learned from this and they begin to plan the key heist.

The party decides to use the merchant caravan outside the cult chapter house as a distraction because they suspect them to be bandits. After a failed encounter they sneak into the chapter house and steal the key and an orb. They then flee the town for the North East well where they are to meet Schmendrick.

Schmendrick meets them the following evening and tells them the cult has been punishing the town and will be following behind them. He leads them to the entrance to the Deep Tunnels. Once there he agrees to stay behind to keep the key safe and to return in 14 days to open the door for the party to exit. The party needs to find the keys to the exits or find another way out.

Inside the deep tunnels the party finds an underground fortress in disrepair. They explore and find a door with a intricate opening technique leading to a room with many portals. In this room they find a party of adventurers in a battle between Kobols and Orcs. Boris, Hadro and Eliel help them escape the battle.

The part rests and find they are being watch by the kobolds. After defeating the kobolds the PCs found a chest locked with a combination lock that had the crest of the noble of Sparrow's Point. They then separate from the NPCs and take the chest with them back into the Deep Tunnels. Only Hadri knows of the chest and expects to receive his fair share.