
Adventure 1/8

Players meet another party of adventurers.
Boris - Human Fighter
	Leader of the party. Sergeant in the Fighter's Guild
	Asks if the PC's have seen a teenage human male (Pendal Weaverson) wearing a emroidered red leather vest. Reward. Assumes he was kidnapped by orcs.
	Boris doesn't like adventures who are working outside of the authority of the fighters guild. Keeps calling them "freeloaders".
Hadri Axeboot - Dwarf Barbarian
	Squinty eyes. Hates elves.
	Dwarf tries to recruit Rangrim to fighters guild. Does so speaking only Dwarvish.
Eliel - Female Half-Elf Druid 
	Thinning hair. DC agent. Keeping tab on the progress of the investigation.
	Eliel will sneak off if any important DC information is gained and has an oportunity.
	
Conflux portal meeting point. 8 portals. 3 broken.
	Portals lore. Each portal requires an orb key active at each end to open. The keys are interchangeable at each portal that is the same color. They make a low vibrating hum while open.


Other party is from the fighters guild in Sparrow's Point. They don't know where they are right now. They were assigned a job to track down a merchant's nephew who has gone missing. They tracked him to a tailor in Sparrow's Point who apparently kidnapped him and pushed him through a portal in his basement. (They maimed him and took him to the guild hall) The found the orb on him and learned of its use and went through the portal. 

They searched the few rooms and came out on the other side of the Conflux room before all hell broke loose. The tried to sneak across to search for Pendal when they were spotted and attacked. They now assume that Pendal is dead and will try and return.



Underground fortress:
	Conflux room is the center of the fortress. Kobold wing connects to PC wing via "back door". 
	
	PC wing - Entrance. "secret" door to conflux room.
	
	Orc wing - They stole the key. Invaded from portal deep in their wing. Leader (Grognak) will flee with the key through the portal when attacked.
	
	Kobold wing - Used to have the closest deep tunnels exit key. It was taken by the orcs to the orc wing. Several fortified rooms followed by an ancient throne room with a display area for a missing triangular key. Has a back door to the front wing.
	
	Unknown party wing - Several sleeping and former storage rooms. Well room. Attacked from the well. Last chamber has three portals. One leads to Sparrow's point.
	
Kobolds will sneak attack the party when given the chance from their. They will sneak through the "back door".
	If PC's find back door they can sneak up on the Kobolds from behind.
	
	





