Hooded man (Schmendrick - Sorcerer) is tracking stolen holy books. He had a spy investigating. Before his spy disappeared he mentioned a book (Jeremy's book) but not the book he was looking for.
While he was in town he noticed the disappearance of adventures from the Inn. The innkeeper was taking advantage of the sudden influx of adventurers. It appears to be unrelated to the stolen books he is looking for.




Hooded man hired new adventurers to join the posse to keep the fugitives safe if they found them. 50 GP

PC's are currently camped out a few miles from the town.




Posse comes looking for the fugitive PCs.
4 - Cultist
5 - Guard
4 - Mastiff


A man rides up and informs one of the guards that his farmstead is under attack by some unnatural beasts. His family is trapped inside the house
4 - Stirge
1 - WereRat





The Red Dragon cultist attempts to assassinate and then flee. Hooded man with a long white beard appears from his invisibility spell. He kills the fleeing cultist.
- One guard in the group is a Dragon Cult spy. 
- He wants to know what the Innkeeper had in his basement. Did they see any magic scrolls or books in the basement?
- The man eating plant is troubling but he doesn't say why.





The Red Dragon cult spy knows
- The fugitive PCs had to die before they revealed what they saw
- A covered wagon was taken to the "deep tunnels"
- The Dragon Cult is leaving town in the morning
- The cult has a key to the tunnels






They need to sneak into the Dragon Cult house and steal the key.




The other city guard and former posse member decided to return to town and pretend they couldn't find the fugitives.
Schmendrick brought his captive to an unknown location (holding cell on another plane) and is now investigating the basement of the inn.
The town guard will be on the lookout for the fugitives.
The cult will be preping a voyage to the "deep tunnels" and will be trying to figure out what happened to Viktor and the rest of the posse.



Bandits dressed as merchantmen sit on the road and attempt to rob the party members.
5 - Bandit


