Ralidor - The mayor has asked Rangrim to choose the new captain of the guard.

All of the candidates will have a fatal flaw so that he can choose Quiznot. Who finaly feels like he has found a home.

Petter wants to help. He is there with Rangrim and will serve as his servant for the evening. The Mayor also wants to be part of the predeedings.

Tables will be setup in the common room of the Inn. A few spectaters have come to watch.

Bastian Fowler
Description: Mid 50's. All gray with a small poney tail. Wearing rough leather vest and simple clothes. Has a sleight vestige of elven blood in his line.
Perception bonus: Slight tremor in his hands. His voice cracks under stress.
Flaw: Coward
Job: Tanner
Reasons for: Used to be in the reserve town guard for many years.
Reasons against: Is a little on the older side.
Secret: He ran away from a crime many years ago and a town member (Stefan - leg - old man now) was maimed because of that. 

Brock Coogan
Description: Late 30's. Muscular with a bald head. Clean white shirt but dirty pants with a wide thick leather belt and tool pouch.
Perception bonus: He seems to be focusing on a point over your right shoulder.
Flaw: Unqualified
Job: grave digger\manual labor
Reasons for: Very muscular with strong hands.
Reasons against: He seems a bit slow
Secret: He has never held a real weapon in his entire life and is dangerously unintelligent. Would be the pawn of Grash.

Grash Northwind
Description: Mid 40's. Black hair with a streak of gray at the temples. Petite and wearing a fine doublet and pants. Top craftsmanship. Has a rapier at his side.
Perception bonus: Wears a smile that doesn't seem to touch his eyes. Licks his lips like a predator.
Flaw: Corrupt
Job: Banker
Reasons for: Knows all of the important people in town. Can help finance the rebuilding of the guard. Good leadership skills.
Reasons against: Not the guard type. Thin and the the build of a merchant.
Secret: He tried to bribe Petter's father a couple years ago. Is also behind Brock's application.

Jack "The Mule" Wormwood
Description: Mid 40's. Unshaven gray stubble with lamb chops and a scar above his right eye and eyebrow. Common shirt and pants with several buttons open at the top. Has a shortsword.
Perception bonus:
Flaw: Lazy
Job: Unemployed. Gold digger.
Reasons for: Former member of the Duke's army in the north (Brag Brandop) - Private 1st class
Reasons against: He wants an easy job.
Secret: He is currently awol and in hiding.

